hey guys I wanted to explain why i
installed windows 7 on my SSD vs XP to
do my test
the main logical reason for me is on
windows 7 on my solid state drive in the
computer right here is because I don't
see why you would even want XP anymore
personally I've never had any trouble
with windows 7 on my computer right here
ipad windows 7 52 years now on I mean
whenever I came out so when I had
windows 7 on that computer and I've
never had any trouble with it and
there's no reason for me to put XP back
on this computer it's frankly XP kept on
giving me problems like driver sweat not
work like my graphics card kept on
crashing because XP it was too new for
XP and everything else and it's just I
see no reason to put old hardware or old
software with new hardware that just
makes compatibility issues and it skips
problems all around other reasons like
XP does not have trim support for ssds
and that's bad because in your SSD you
might get hurt in the process be using
it won't be last as long as if you have
Windows 7 with trim support you do not
want to defrag it and all this stuff and
whatever trim does all the stuff in the
background that windows seven supports
the next p does not and that's good that
have trend support on SSD otherwise
you're almost wasting your money to put
XP back on it and to be frank with you
it would have been a total waste of my
time to install XP then reinstall
windows seven again on the solid state
drive because in all seriousness i've
installed xtreme windows seven so many
times I've seen the performance
difference on both drives I've been
installed windows 7 on a previous beta
of it on that other hard drive the
regular 7200 RPM drive and it was really
not any faster it probably is actually
slower boot times and what I had from
when they've got XP and everything else
when there's seven to me it has more
processors running everything else it's
really not a faster boot time whenever
XP was for booting up I know you guys
complain about not having equal
test between it but if I just gonna
straight tell you you is not smart at
all as a very bad decision everything
else to put XP back on a solid state
drive if you would buy one you're just
wasting your money by when there's seven
before you buy a solid state reinstall
that or by boat save up buy both there
is no reason to put XP back onto a solid
state drive and I it just I I don't know
it just distress is me that somebody
would even want to put XP back on the
solid state drive there's no point it's
up creating my point of this whole video
let's just show you you have an old four
or five year old desktop it's getting
slow you don't know how to speed it up I
tell you well get get get an SSD and get
windows seven because this is how much
faster your computer is going to be
versus your old slow windows XP computer
you mods will upgrade windows 7 plus the
nest is day to your new computer have a
much faster overall experience have a
better operating system better
compatibility everything is better with
when there's seven and SSD and I see no
reason why you would ever want to keep
XP no offense but if you really have to
have compatibility windows professional
64-bit and when there's ultimate have
virtualization built into it as long as
your processors force it you can
virtualize them in their sex p I've
tried it once how about you I bought
professional because I thought I was
going to have to virtualize never have
never will never will need to because
every program but I've used even old
programs from like early 2000 side or
still work with when there's seven maybe
some in compatibility mode but they
still work when windows 7 only things up
have yet to work or a few programs from
the 90s in
you really can't expect nine new
software to work with like 2007 software
so that's really why I'm solving the
stem and I just wanted explain clearly
to you and video for instead of chatting
back on text and rage comments and
everything else why I decided install
windows 7 not even do the correct
windows XP vs windows XP tests on state
first don't drive because there's no
point at all installing XP on the solid
state drive because you're just wasting
your time your solid states not going to
last long it's going to slow down trend
helps keep the speed up everything else
and where the solid state your
performance doesn't die so like a fresh
stall I did this test two weeks after I
did install so it's not a fresh install
windows 7 in that test is they used
install this boot time did so now it was
considerably faster when i first
installed after having startup programs
installed and everything else it's slow
down and it has yet i rebooted it twice
because i keep this computer on or
sometime this one on i keep it almost at
a time I'm very beautiful I four or five
times has not slowed down computer as
not so now everything opens perfectly
quickly on it and everything else and
that's why I wanted to sell his day in
it because I was tired of the slow
performance I got with my other drive
even of windows XP uses less resources
it doesn't matter a solid-state just
faster overall I hope this answer some
of your questions about that video and I
hope it makes you understand why I did
what I did that I do know what I'm
talking about that it's better just
installed when a text when their second
over when they're sick speed just wanted
to clean it up and I'll see you in the
next video